okay so today we're going to make some
spaghetti squash and a lot of people
avoid doing this just because it's
really difficult to cut into and it
takes a really long time so one of the
things that I like to do to make the
process easier is I'll take a fork and
just stab around the spaghetti squash in
multiple places and then I stick it in
the microwave for about four minutes and
that will allow the spaghetti squash to
cook just partially I like mine roasted
you can cook it all the way in the
microwave if you want to I don't want to
so you let us sit on the counter for a
few minutes and it starts to see you you
can see I've had this sitting here and
it's gotten a little bit soft here that
makes it much easier to cut into so you
just you're going to cut off the ends
here cut off one side turn it around
we'll cut off the other side garbage and
then you cut it right down the center
and then it just snaps right open that's
much easier than trying to cut it
without having steamed it a little bit
first you're just going to get a big
spoon scrape out all the seeds
okay so as you can see I've scraped out
all the seeds and now I'm just going to
season it a little bit I just use a
little bit of butter spray you can use
Pam you can use a little bit of coconut
oil whatever you like I just use a few
sprays here I want to go overboard and
then a little bit of sea salt both sides
I do salt and pepper sometimes I'll do
nutmeg or you know different seasonings
a little bit of garlic salt whatever you
like on it you can use coconut oil if
you want to or olive oil whatever's on
your plan whatever your calories allow
for and then we'll just stick it on a
foil-lined cookie sheet face up I've got
the oven preheated right now it's at 425
if you don't do the microwave trick you
have to use 375 it takes 50 minutes to
cook that way this is much faster it's
going in the oven ooh okay so these have
been in the oven for about 25 minutes
your time will vary based on the size of
your squash but that's how long these
took you'll know it's ready when it
starts to shred and you can just use
Forks and they they shred really easy
from the shell it'll shred completely
and then you'll just stick it in a bowl
or on a plate or however you want to do
it you can use spaghetti squash or I'm
sorry spaghetti sauce on this or just
some olive oil or eat it plain I like it
plain and that's basically it